Add link to advanced runtime_params configuration (#4341)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/configuration/parameters.md

```

Since key-value pairs are split on the first equals sign, values can contain equals signs, but keys cannot.

> > **Note:** If you want to override values of certain keys in your configuration with runtime parameters provided through the CLI option, you can use the [OmegaConfigLoader `runtime_params` resolver](advanced_configuration.md#how-to-override-configuration-with-runtime-parameters-with-the-omegaconfigloader).

Reviewer: You can use the `{note}` notation instead, to maintain consistency. Eg - https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro/blob/63d7516760b05edad3fbfc21277fb9741ecd83de/docs/source/configuration/parameters.md?plain=1#L71-L73

Author: @ankatiyar, thanks! I agree, but I tried that syntax, and it doesn’t support links. Since I have one link there, my suggestion is to remove the word "Note" and keep the current syntax. What do you think?

> > If you want to **override not only parameters but also other configurations** (e.g., catalog entries or file paths) or specify upfront that certain parameters must be set at runtime, use `$runtime_params` with the OmegaConfigLoader. Introduced in Kedro 0.18.14, this feature allows dynamic overrides of various configuration types using the `--params` CLI option, making it ideal for scenarios like switching data sources or adjusting runtime settings. [Learn more about `$runtime_params`.](advanced_configuration.md#how-to-override-configuration-with-runtime-parameters-with-the-omegaconfigloader)

Reviewer 2: Slightly reworded: 

```suggestion
> To **override not just parameters but other configurations**, such as catalog entries or file paths, or to specify upfront that certain parameters must be set at runtime, use `$runtime_params` with the `OmegaConfigLoader`. Introduced in Kedro `0.18.14`, this feature allows dynamic overrides of various configuration types using the `--params` CLI option.  It’s particularly useful for scenarios like switching data sources or fine-tuning runtime settings. [Learn more about `$runtime_params`.](advanced_configuration.md#how-to-override-configuration-with-runtime-parameters-with-the-omegaconfigloader)
```

Author: Thanks, @merelcht, I like it!
